A stroke is an interruption
of blood flow to the brain.
Your blood, heart, and blood vessels
are the three main parts of your circulatory system.
Your heart pumps your blood and
keeps it moving throughout your body.
Your blood travels through your blood vessels,
transporting nutrients and oxygen
to cells and removing waste.
Sometimes a blood vessel develops
a weakened, ballooning area called an aneurysm.
This weakened area can burst.
A hemorrhagic stroke occurs
when a weakened blood vessel in
part of your brain leaks or bursts.
When the flow of blood and oxygen to the brain is
interrupted for longer than a few seconds,
brain cells can die.
Brain cells can also be damaged
by bleeding into the brain.
A stroke is an emergency
that requires immediate medical treatment.